# lead-management-frontend
React frontend app. Latest Version dated 30-AUG-2022.

## Description
This is a frontend application build from ground up using react and used in conjuction with the backend app lead-management-backend app
This app facilitates the activity of managing sales leads with the capability to create, assign, update, search and display the leads. The app also has the capability of creating new users and login and logout through sessions.

## Setup/Installation Requirements
* Deploy to a server environment to access the application
* Git repository https://github.com/Kemnygh/lead-management-frontend.git 

## Features
* Simple clean and nice look
* User based access – with different access matrices will see different pages & links.
* Side navigation bar with capability to disable and enable.

### Page features:
#### Sales Workspace:
* Only Visible to users with access for sales.
* Shows what is Assigned to the logged in person in a table.
* Gives Summary count of leads in different statuses.
* Can click on Lead to populate and update it to closed.
* Table with closed deals based on your profile

#### Lead Capture:
* Visible to everyone.
* Gives form to create lead with some predefined fields.

#### Lead Tracker:
* Visible to everyone.
* Search for a lead using the lead ID that is normally autogenerated.
* Populates a form showing the details of the lead and also gives a visual tracker of which status the lead is in.

#### Administration:
* Visible to users with administration access, these are people who can pick a created lead and assign it to a salesperson.
* Table showing all leads with an edit capability.
* A form that auto populates once you pick a lead it also:
** Auto filters the salesperson select dropdown based on the region of the customer to pick salespeople from that region only instead of giving all salespeople.
** When status disqualified is selected it automatically grays out salesperson field
* A table with assigned deals is also available that refreshes immediately a lead is assigned.

#### Dashboard:
* Visible to everyone
* This is a reporting dashboard that has cards showing totals of the different statuses and various charts that update when there is an update on the leads.
* Graphical and clean look.

#### Register New User:
* Visible only to the superuser who is the system administrator.
* Capability to create new users.

#### Search page
* Available to everyone but only accessible via a search button either on the lead capture page, the sales Workspace page or the administration page.
* You can search lead using:-
	**Dates From and to fields – these fields are mandatory for any sort of search**
	**Region, service, status & created by fields that are not mandatory can use partial search patterns, that is not case sensitive. e.g. you can search for “nai” in Region field that has “NAIROBI”.**

## Known Bugs
* No delete user or lead feature available yet.
* No export feature available once you search or for any of the tables.
* Password change feature not built yet.
* App does not render well on small screens.
**Note: we expect to bring in these features with the iterative versions**

## Technologies Used
* React
* Bootstrap
* CSS
* Javascript
* fusionCharts
* Nodejs


## Support and contact details
For any issues, questions, ideas or concerns please contact us through email kemnygh@gmail.com, or any of our email address above, you can also make suggestions to improve the code.

### License
Licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2022

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

